(Episode 17)
Are you coming back to work today?
How is your mother?
How much do you like Eun Jae?
If you like her, be careful.
I might try to steal her from you.
What a typical development of situation.
A love triangle?
Between you and that intimidating Dr. Song?
You have such peculiar tastes in women.
While we're on this subject, let's spill the truth.
- How much do you like her? - Answer carefully.
Make yourself clear, or you might lose her to me.
Gosh, don't be so scary.
- She's not even your type. - She's not.
Why are you doing this then?
I'd like to know the reason.
She knows when to sacrifice herself.
That sounds rather grim.
Eun Jae saved my mom's life.
You repay a favor with your life in the world of chivalry.
Speak in plain language.
What I'm saying is, if you ever make...
Eun Jae cry because of Ms. Choi,
I will take her from you by all means...
even if it makes me bleed to death.
Why?
Why would it make you bleed to death?
- I might die. - Die?
If I flirt with her...
and she chases me with a scalpel, I might die.
You silly man. Do you even know how to flirt?
Of course. I'm a grown man.
I guess you should try harder. Don't you lose Dr. Song to him.
Love shouldn't be that grim.
Good luck.
Thanks.
Did you push me away...
because of Dr. Song?
Is it her?
Eavesdropping isn't a good habit.
I guess it's really her. Give her up, and come back to me.
You will never be able to have her.
What do you mean?
I heard that...
you were the last doctor her mother saw before she died.
Her mother died because of you.
- Ms. Choi. - You could've saved her.
- Choi Young Eun. - It's Eun Jae.
She would think of it that way, not me.
If it were your mother, would you be able to love...
the doctor who let your mother die?
Song Jae Joon, your dad...
If we can't find him,
you have to repay his debt.
Of course. I heard you were a doctor.
If you can't pay us back,
you should take out an organ from your body and sell it.
If you can't do that yourself, I can do it for you.
We'll be back.
See you around.
- Let's go. - Come on.
- Let's go. - Who are they?
Why do you care?
Don't answer if you don't want to. I'll ask them myself.
Let go of me.
Who are they?
Why were they so rude to you?
Who they are is none of your business.
So don't poke your nose into my problems.
I can't do that.
Tell me who they are.
- I don't want to. - Are they a patient's family?
Nothing happened on the ship.
- Was there a problem in the ER? - No.
- Then what? - I won't answer.
Just answer.
So I can help.
Why?
Why would you help me?
I told you we're colleagues. Nothing more, nothing less.
So unless it's about work, I don't need your help.
Why are you trying so hard to push me away?
- Is it because I'm a colleague? - No.
Are you bothered about Ms. Choi?
If so, I can explain.
Are you a narcissist?
- Are you that sure of yourself? - Is that not it?
I'm busy, so please leave.
If not...
If that's not it,
is it about your mom?
Because I couldn't save her?
Isn't that obvious?
If you were me,
would you be able to...
not hate me?
(Woo Jae)
What is it?
Hi, it's me.
I know it's you. What is it?
Can you wire me just 500 dollars more?
I wired your allowance just two weeks ago.
It's the start of the term, and I need to spend some extra.
I'm not a bank. Get your money elsewhere.
Please, Eun Jae.
Shall I cut you off next month?
Anyway,
did someone come see you?
What? Creditors asked you about Dad?
Are you sure Dad's in Korea?
Yes.
Call me right away if you hear something. Okay?
Hang up then.
Woo Jae.
I'll wire you 300 tomorrow.
Just this month.
Spend it wisely.
What?
What did she say?
I think she knows you're in Korea.
What?
What are you doing?
I have to leave.
Your sister scares me more than...
the creditors or the cops.
Where do you think you can go?
Get out of my way.
Wait. Let's get something to eat.
If you have to leave, at least eat first.
You look hungry.
The hospital ship is here.
We have nice people and good medicine.
You're shaking out sesame seeds. Hi, are you drying garlic?
You're drying out your nets. How are you?
Hello, everyone.
Where are you going, ma'am?
Can't you see where I'm going?
I see you.
Are you taking your medicine?
Silly me. I keep forgetting. I didn't take it today.
You need to take it every day.
I will.
She's quite cranky.
The hospital ship is here.
We don't come here every day.
Come on out to the ship,
see the doctors, and get your medicine.
Are you in?
- Sir. - We're from the hospital ship.
- Is he not in? - Did he go out?
I don't think anyone's home.
He rarely leaves home since he had a stroke.
Why'd you do that?
- What was that noise? - That scared me.
Where is he going?
Sir.
- Oh dear. - Oh no.
- Oh dear. - This looks bad.
Get him up.
Come on.
Get on his back.
Doctor Song!
Watch your step. Careful.
Doctor Song. We need help.
Get out here.
Yes, it's him.
Your butler.
Let's get him inside.
What happened?
His lower abdomen seems to hurt.
Why didn't you call?
I said I couldn't visit because Mom's sick.
I told you to call if something happened.
Hurry.
- Lay him with his head to that end. - Okay.
There you go.
Poor Mr. Chu.
You're always carrying people on your bad back.
Temperature and blood test.
Got it.
Sounds bad, right?
He has pulmonary emphysema.
Temperature?
Up to 38.5°C.
(Pulmonary emphysema is a lung condition.)
- I'll palpate his stomach. - Okay.
Sir, I'll lower the belt of your pants.
- Help me. - Okay.
Don't try to help. We'll do it.
Let me see.
It's a hernia.
I can't fix it manually.
I'll need to check with an ultrasound,
but based on his fever, I say it's an strangulated hernia.
His twisted guts cut off the circulation and started to rot.
Can you fix him with an operation?
Let's check first.
- Get the ultrasound. - Okay.
It is a strangulated hernia.
The blood test results.
His pulse is quickening.
We must operate now.
Why is the INR index...
(INR index measures blood coagulation.)
- You can't operate? - No.
- I said we can. - She said yes.
I stopped her.
When the surgeon said yes?
It's not a transplant. It's just a hernia.
She's good enough to throw a scalpel and fix him.
She has to open him up.
No operation is easy, and this patient...
can't be anesthetized.
His pulmonary emphysema is too advanced.
He won't survive a general anesthesia.
Numb him from the waist down.
Numb his spine like the ruptured sclera patient.
No.
You know why not, right?
Because of warfarin?
After his brain surgery...
(Warfarin thins blood)
He must have kept taking it.
We can't stop the bleeding.
If a blood clot forms in his spinal cord,
it could pose a risk on his nerve system.
There's septicemia and infections too.
Even before surgery, the anesthesia...
Could kill him.
Why did you say it could be done?
What can you do?
- Use lidocaine locally. - What?
I said it's improbable.
If we don't do anything, he'll die of septicemia.
It's still dangerous, even if we use a local anesthetic.
Do you think the patient can withstand the pain?
He'll clench his stomach muscles. Can you even get through?
I'll put him under with propofol and in an hour...
- Doctor. - Reach the hernia,
and cut out the bare minimum.
Stop daydreaming.
A similar case was in Doctor Kwak's notes.
I studied it enough, so...
That was a war zone.
They had nothing, so they had to...
What's so different now?
Our tools and medicine are useless.
Wait. Let me get this straight.
The only problem is anesthesia, isn't it?
Then I can help.
How?
This may be impossible to believe...
or approve.
Acupuncture anesthesia is my area of expertise.
This was my concentration...
through internship and residency.
Jae Geol, I understand how you feel.
Look at this.
It may be impossible to operate only with acupuncture anesthesia.
Apply local anesthesia with lidocaine.
Then apply acupuncture anesthesia with sedative.
It won't be general anesthesia,
- but it can have similar effects. - Jae Geol.
I know it's hard to believe. However...
Even if it has no effect at all,
we could give it a try.
It isn't anesthetic gas.
It won't leave a mark on the spine.
It won't harm the patient at all.
You'll do it no matter what.
You can't...
afford to lose that patient.
I can't lose that patient either.
To me,
he's more precious than my father.
Surgeon...
Listen, Hyun. I...
Shall we...
give it a try?
You're going to have the surgery even if it's with local anesthesia.
If the operation is necessary,
I need one more safety measure.
Can acupuncture anesthesia be a safety measure?
We don't have much of a choice.
We must reduce the amount of pain to minimize the risk.
We must do everything that we can...
to reduce the pain for the patient.
That's my opinion.
He says that it's harmless even in the worst-case scenario.
Doctor.
Okay.
- Really? - Let's try it.
Let go of me.
- Give me your arm. - Let me go.
I'll die like this...
with my eyes wide open.
How could you open my stomach?
Stop being stubborn, sir.
You need surgery.
Get away from me!
Oh, my goodness.
Gosh.
Could you...
help me get up? Please?
I'm leaving.
I want to go somewhere...
and die like this.
That's all.
Please let go of me.
I said let me go.
Jae Geol, let's go home.
No, let go of me.
I'm leaving.
I'll go anywhere...
and kill myself.
Gosh, you shouldn't say...
terrible things like that.
I'll fix your bicycle.
No, don't.
I hate Mom and Dad.
I'll kill myself.
Jae Geol.
You're only a child.
Don't say terrible things like that.
Do you understand?
Are you being grumpy?
I'm the one who's good at being grumpy.
Why are you copying me?
Are you afraid?
I was.
I thought my parents would abandon me...
if I stayed in the shadow of my brother.
I was afraid.
That's why I was grumpy.
Every time I was grumpy,
you held my hand tightly like this.
You comforted me.
You've done a lot for me with this hand.
You taught me how to ride a bike.
You put training wheels on my bike.
Pops, you did everything...
that a father would...
normally do for his child.
[VIU Ver] Episode 17 Hospital Ship "Why are You Being Grumpy?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Jae Geol.
When will you...
stop calling me Pops?
When you were young,
I let you call me Pops since you held a lot of grudges.
However,
when I get better after the surgery,
I'll...
make sure that you keep your manners.
Can we...
proceed with the surgery?
You're a man.
Why are you crying?
Gosh, it's big.
When did Jae Geol's hands...
get so big?
Lidocaine, please.
Give me one more.
I feel extremely anxious.
Stop moving about. You're making me dizzy.
You have no sympathy, do you?
What are you doing over there?
Are you crying?
What are you talking about?
Is it because you're worried?
No, I'm not.
The doctors from different departments work as a team...
and try their best to save a patient.
To see them that way makes me emotional.
Of course. I totally understand.
Retractor.
Net.
Forceps.
Pull the retractor a little more so that I can see better.
It's okay.
It's just a feeling.
Would the acupuncture really help them anesthetize the patient?
I'm not sure. I work in Korean Medicine,
but I can't really believe it either.
Doctor. Doctor Cha.
Can you believe it?
I'm just praying...
for a miracle.
Doctor!
His blood oxygen level is...
Why is it so low? Are you sure the patient is stable?
Gosh, it startled me.
I'm sorry. It must have fallen while we moved him.
Let's continue.
How much time do we have left?
13 minutes.
It drove me crazy.
Doctors.
How... How did it go?
The surgery went well, right?
- Of course. - Yes! It worked.
- How? - What do you mean, how?
Did the acupuncture really anesthetize him?
Come on, it couldn't have.
I like to get acupunctures myself,
but that's impossible.
Mr. Park did a great job enduring it rather than you, Jae Geol.
Maybe he desperately endured the pain to make you look good.
Not a chance.
How can someone endure the pain of an open surgery?
Don't you think so, Doctor Song?
Of course.
It's not the kind of pain you can endure with willpower.
Did she just take the side of a doctor of Korean Medicine too?
Did you hear that? You should've stayed quiet at least.
Jae Geol, come on. Don't be upset.
Don't follow me.
Here.
Come on, take it.
I will make sure...
to pay you back for this someday.
Great work. Cheers.
Now, it's your turn.
"Great work, Doctor Kim."
"I was able to save the patient, thanks to you."
(Episode 18 will air shortly.)